Docs parity for find with JupyterLab. (#6917)
jupyter/notebook: docs/source/notebook.md

## Searching

> Jupyter Notebook has a special built-in search plugin for finding text within a

Reviewer: Or maybe:

```suggestion
Jupyter Notebook has an advanced built-in search plugin for finding text within a
```

Reviewer 2: what about?

```suggestion
Jupyter Notebook has a dedicated built-in search plugin for finding text within a
```

Author: I merged with "advanced".
